I'm holding the black diamond de pollo
this is an extremely versatile Lantern
that packs down to be pretty small but
when you open it up and use all of its
features it puts out a lot of light for
its size and its weight I have it
compressed down right now but the
standout feature is these feet that fold
down so you've got three feet provides a
really stable base for the apollo and
they're really lightweight really easy
to use and very durable and you can also
extend it out so you've got just a
couple different really simple settings
with this light and we're just going to
go through all the features there's just
one button on this light on/off and this
is the button that also dims the light
so with one click of the button it'll
turn on you have a nice ambient light
it's kind of a frosted globe here so
it's not going to blind you when you
turn it on the brightest output is 80
lumens you can also dim it all the way
down 10 lumens so as an emergency light
if you just need that 10 lumens to get
you through it's going to last up to 60
hours which is great for that emergency
use and if you want that bright light if
you're sitting around the campsite it's
going to go all the way up to 80 lumens
and that's for 15 hours so definitely
going to last you for a weekend of
camping this takes for double a alkaline
batteries or you can get a Black Diamond
energy recharger kit to go with it
that's sold separately but in order to
change the batteries the battery housing
is right here at the bottom and all you
have to do is give it one little twist
and you can see the battery housing
there if I take this out you can just
see that I've got my four alkaline
batteries in there but if you take that
out you can insert the energy recharge
your kit if you choose to buy that
separately there's a battery power
indicator on this light and so right now
we're at a full charge and
new batteries if I compress that down
the green light comes on there so
there's a green a yellow and a red light
to just tell you how much battery life
there is left in the light some last
quick features the feet on here are
really sturdy and stable and they're
covered in a nice rubber
so definitely durable when everything's
kind of compressed down they really
protect the light so if you do have it
inside a pack or you're traveling with
it you have protection there there are
two nice metal hooks at the top so you
can hang this from inside of a tent or
just if you want that light above you to
provide light for a campsite or if
you're traveling so that's a really
great feature there and all in all this
is a really sturdy really great light
for emergency use camping and travel
it's the Black Diamond Apollo